== Using fonts and bitmaps == 
=== Fonts===
There is a free java application available that can convert PC fonts for use with this library. The software is called FontCreator2 and it can produce a header file that can be included in your sketch. The header files should be placed in the directory named fonts and included in your sketch. For example, if you create a font named myfont in a header named myfont.h then copy myfont.h to the fonts directory and in your sketch:
  #include "fonts/myfont.h"       // system font
To use the font in your sketch you select the font as follows: 
  GLCD.SelectFont(myfont);   // use myfont 

Note that the distribution contains a file named allFonts.h that includes all the distributed fonts, so you can include these files instead of explicitly including the individual fonts
#include "fonts/allFonts.h"       // all distributed fonts

Font definitions are stored in program memory and this can be significant for larger fonts. The 7 pixel high system font uses under 500 bytes, the supplied Arial14 font uses 1200 bytes of 

=== Bitmaps ===
You can use the distributed bitmaps or create your own. The distribution contains a file named allBitmaps.h that includes all the distributed bitmaps, so you can include this to make the bitmaps available:
#include "bitmaps/allBitmaps.h"  // all distributed bitmaps

Note that included bitmaps will not consume any memory if they are not explicitly referenced in your sketch with the DrwBitmap function.

You can also display your own images in your sketch.  A utility located in the glcdMakeBitmap directory (below the bitmap directory) converts a gif, jpg, bmp, tga or  png  file to a header file that can be used by your sketch.
The glcdMakeBitmap directory contains a sketch that can be run using the Processing environment. There are also three directories containing executable versions for Linux, Mac and Windows.  Run the utility and drop the image file to be converted into the glcdMakeBitmap window. 
If the image can be converted, A header file is created in the bitmap directory. If the image file name is image.bmp, the header is named image.h
Add the following line to the sketch:
  #include "bitmaps/image.h"
and display the image using the following code:
  GLCD.DrawBitmap(image, x, y);
where x and y are the desired location of the upper left edge of the bitmap.

Images are stored in program memory, a 128x64 pixel image takes 1k bytes of flash. Bear in mind that each different image used in a sketch will reduce the amount of code in a sketch. The utility displays the amount of  memory required for the image and other useful information when it does the conversion. 