= GLCD Graphical LCD Library = 

== Introduction ==
This library makes it easy to use Graphical LCDs (GLCD) with Arduino.
This is an extensive modification of the ks0108 library that has higher performance, more features, supports more Arduino boards and is easier to integrate with different panels. 
Sketches written for the old library should work with little or no modification.  The configuration mechanism has been changed to facilitate use with a broad range of GLCD chips and ATmega controllers. See the section on sketch migration for details on modifications for the new library.

== Wiring and Configuration == 
Panel characteristics (like pixel height and width) and the pins used to connect to the panel must be set in a configuration file. Configuration files are provided for the wiring shown below, you can change the file if you want to use different wiring or panels.

This release supports panels using the KS0108 and SED1520 chips.
=== KS0108 family === 
The KS0108 is a popular controller chip used in GLCD displays but the wiring for these panels is not standardized and it is important to check the datasheet for your panel to confirm how it should be wired. Incorrect connections of the signal lines are the most common cause of problems, and particular care should be taken with the power leads as wiring these incorrectly can destroy a panel.

Most GLCD panels require an external preset pot to set the LCD working voltage (contrast) and a fixed resistor to limit the current in the backlight. The datasheet for your panel should provide specific information on the wiring and choice of components for this.

Here are three common pinouts for KS0108 panels. 
The numbers under the Arduino column are the Arduino pins used in the configuration file provided in the download, if you alter the wiring to Arduino pins then you must change the pin assignments in the configuration file.

|| Arduino pins || Function ||Panel A||Panel B||Panel C|| Comments ||
||5V || +5 volts || 1 || 2 || 13 ||- ||
||Gnd || GND || 2 || 1 || 14 ||- ||
||n/a|| Contrast in || 3 || 3 || 21 ||Wiper of contrast pot||
||8 || D0 || 4 || 7 || 1 ||- ||
||9 || D1 || 5 || 8 || 2 ||- ||
||10|| D2 || 6 || 9 || 3 ||- ||
||11|| D3 || 7 || 10 || 4 ||- ||
||4 || D4 || 8 || 11 || 5 ||- ||
||5 || D5 || 9 || 12 || 6 ||- ||
||6 || D6 || 10 || 13 || 7 ||- ||
||7 || D7 || 11 || 14 || 8 ||- ||
||14 (alog0) || CSEL1 || 12 || 15 ||15 ||Chip 1 select ||
||15 (alog1) || CSEL2 || 13 || 16 ||16 ||Chip 2 select ||
||Reset|| Reset || 14 || 17 ||18||Connect to reset pin ||
||16 (alog2) || R_W || 15 || 5 || 10 ||Read/write || 
||17 (alog3) || D_I || 16 || 4 || 11 ||Data/Instruction (aka RS) ||
||18 (alog4) || EN || 17 || 6 || 9 ||Enable ||
||external || Contrast out || 18 || 18 || 17|| 10k or 20k preset ||
||external || Backlight +5 || 19 || 19 ||19||100 to 330 ohm resistor to +5v ||
||Gnd || Backlight Gnd || 20 || 20 ||20 ||-||


== Troubleshooting == 
== Using fonts and bitmaps == 
== Migrating your sketch from ks0108 to the new GLCD library == 